As additional basic housekeeping for our Google Analytics data capture,
we want to lowercase several dimension values.
Why do we want to do this?
Well, as a basic principle of Google Analytics data quality,
you want to make sure that there aren't multiple fragment
to dimension values that refer to the same thing.
We see in this case,
in the page dimension,
that we have stored the smallest and the biggest referring to the same page.
That could potentially happen if you have different internal links or
even external links that are accessing the page with different case variations,
and they are not being reconciled on the server.
As a note, this is marked up from the Google merchandise store.
There aren't actually case variations in the Google merchandise store account,
so you won't find them there.
Here's another example that crops up fairly frequently,
case variations and medium values.
Here we see email with a small E and a big E,
that can occur very easily if case variations are included in campaign parameters,
which we'll be talking about more in an upcoming lesson.
The overall idea is to fight dimension fragmentation.
We don't want multiple dimension values referring to the same thing.
That just makes our work as analysts much harder,
and forces us to focus on things other than analysis and insight.
We can apply simple lowercase filters for the following dimensions,
these are considered good dimensions to lowercase.
We can start with Request URI,
which means exactly the same thing as the page dimension.
But when we're defining filters,
page appears as Request URI.
We'll want to lowercase campaign medium,
campaign source, campaign name, and campaign content.
If you're using that campaign parameter as well.
Even though our event dimensions should be very
consistent if we're using Google Tag Manager correctly.
As a best practice,
we can still lowercase event category, event action,
and event label, and we'll also want to lowercase
search term which we'll talk about more later in this lesson.